Added not about git subtree merging (#58)
googlefonts/googlefonts.github.io: gf-guide/googlefonts.md

git subtree pull --prefix=axisregistry https://github.com/googlefonts/axisregistry.git main
```

> **Very important note:** the PR landing the gitsubtree into google/fonts repo should be merged in the main branch using **merge commits** (and _not_ squash and merge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** When merging a pull request in the google/fonts repo which contains a subtree pull, merge it using the "Create a merge commit" button and not the "Squash and merge" button. If we squash and merge, the subtree's history is squashed into a single commit which will cause merge conflicts for the next person who has to do a subtree pull. 
```

git subtree pull --prefix=lang https://github.com/googlefonts/lang.git main
```

> **Very important note:** the PR landing the gitsubtree into google/fonts repo should be merged in the main branch using **merge commits** (and _not_ squash and merge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** When merging a pull request in the google/fonts repo which contains a subtree pull, merge it using the "Create a merge commit" button and not the "Squash and merge" button. If we squash and merge, the subtree's history is squashed into a single commit which will cause merge conflicts for the next person who has to do a subtree pull. 
```
